I was born in a little town called Adair, Iowa, actually out on the farm.
That was in 1930.
I was born in 1931, also in a small town in Iowa.
My father wanted to be a farmer, so we moved to a farm.
And I grew up on a farm.
And then the watchtower study of a little group
and a little congregation was in our home.
And happily, when Peggy's father came to the truth,
the family, they came to our place to watchtower study.
I guess at that time, eight or nine, and Peggy won year younger.
But the thing was, they moved away just about after one year.
Well, I started pioneering in September 1948.
Gilead is at what I want.
I didn't apply for Bethel because I liked the field service
and I thought South America, Africa, countries that still,
where there was so much to do, that's what I wanted.
I was called to Gilead in 1951 in February.
The assignment after attending Gilead was a great surprise.
Brother Schroeder, one of the instructors, he said,
you will have a very wonderful opportunity
being assigned to the German Bethel.
There are brothers there who have been in concentration camps
for up to nine years.
And you can learn very much from these brothers.
And that was very true in 1953 at the convention in New York.
I saw a beautiful young sister standing in the cafeteria line
next to my cafeteria line.
And I looked twice and it was Peggy.
So we were together for the rest of the convention
and decided we would correspond and think about serving together.
In 1955 we married then.
I had received the assignment circuit work
if we were assigned to Northern Germany.
When we began circuit work I was 24.
I felt completely inadequate because I'd been serving in Bethel
and had no training that would qualify me
to serve as the circuit overseer that was my feeling.
In the first place the sisters with me they always got nervous
not being able to speak correctly.
So they would take over the conversation and I stood there
and didn't understand anything.
But with time you pick it up.
After two years I could understand everything in the
theocratic language but in the kitchen I was still lost.
It was nine years for circuit and the conclusion district work
and then we were called back into Bethel.
The biggest shock for me was when Brother Nora asked me
if I would be branch overseer and that was at the convention 1969
in Nuremberg despite the different arguments that I presented
and I got a letter later saying I'd have that assignment.
For about 40 years we had the wonderful privilege of doing
zone work or as it's now stated being representative of headquarters.
So it was wonderful to visit somewhat over 90 different countries.
It became acquainted with Jehovah's lovely family
and the worldwide brotherhood unity and seeing how the brothers
everywhere are devoted to Jehovah and want to serve him
faithfully under sometimes very difficult conditions.
I would say sometimes we benefited more from the visit
than the brothers we were visiting because it was so faith strengthening.
When we got this privilege of traveling to many branches
and zone work we were able to engage in the field ministry
in numerous countries which I never would have had of course
if I would have just gone into missionary service.
So I said to myself except every assignment Jehovah gives you
and you'll find that you have the greatest blessings possible.
Since 1st of January 1952 I've been able to keep full-time services
my career and it's something I certainly wouldn't have changed for anything else.
We have often spoken where would we be today if we hadn't taken up full-time service.
Certainly we would not have enjoyed so many things as we have in our life deck.
There are so many young talented brothers and sisters
that are working and helping we encourage them to make full-time service
in Jehovah's organization their goal in life.